- [Instructor] Now that you're familiar with
Event System Architectures, let's explore all features
Spring Events, bring to the table.
Spring Events are one of the core capabilities provided
by Spring Framework.
They allow us to publish and listen to
specific Application Events
that we can process as we wish.
Core components of Spring Events
are Events, Publisher and Listeners.
An ApplicationEvent is a simple POJO class
that holds data
and is exchanged between publisher and listener.
Publisher constructs the event object
and publishes it to anyone who is listening.
It uses ApplicationEventPublisher being
and its Publisher event method.
Listeners, there are different flavors
of implementing listeners to an event.
It can be implemented within notations
or by implementing Application Listener.
The neat thing is that Spring does
all the heavy lifting for us
and registered all listeners.
So there is no need for manual registration.
Spring Events ones are by default synchronous,
meaning the publisher thread blocks until all listeners have
finished processing the event.
However, Spring also supports Asynchronous mode,
meaning that it went as published in a new thread
and release execution of publisher independently
from the listener.
Transection Bound Events,
Spring allows us to bind an Event Listener to phase
of the current transaction.
This allows events to be used with more flexibility
when the outcome of the current transaction matters
to the listener.
Filtering Events,
Spring Events gives us an option to find tune conditions
under which circumstances
our Event Listener will be triggered.
By default,
Spring would provide several predefined application events
that are tied to the life cycle
of Spring Application Context.
So we can register listeners that are revoked.
When for example, Application Context is started.
However, if we have a use case
where we want our listener to be
triggered before Application Context is created,
we need to register those listeners manually.
As we have seen the support for Application Events in Spring
is pretty comprehensive
and comes with a handful of features,
which we will cover in detail in the next lessons.